MARC-MiJ

Allow perl's MARC::Record and MARC::File/MARC::Batch to deal with marc-in-json, a 
MARC serialization described at http://dilettantes.code4lib.org/blog/2010/09/a-proposal-to-serialize-marc-in-json/.

EXAMPLES

    # Read in from newline-delimieted JSON file
    use MARC::Batch;
    use MARC::File::MiJ;

    my $reader = new MARC::Batch('MiJ', $jsonfilename);
    while (my $r = $batch->next) { ... }
    
    
    # Convert binary to marc-in-json
    use MARC::Record::MiJ;
    my $batch = MARC::Batch->new('USMARC', 'file.mrc');
    open(my $jsonfile, '>', 'file.ndj' );
    while (my $r = $batch->next) {
      print $jsonfile MARC::Record::MiJ->to_mij($r), "\n";
    }
    close $jsonfile;
    


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install


LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2013 Bill Dueber

This program is distributed under the (Revised) BSD License:
L<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Bill Dueber's Organization
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

